WIP: How We Work pt2: Push ups and Stand desks (#7)
EdutainmentLIVE/edutainmentlive.github.io: _posts/2018-11-21-how-we-work-exercise-and-stand-desk.md

# How We Work: Exercise and Stand Desks

by Cameron Gera (@gera-cameron)

[PHOTO HERE]

## Why

The culture of our engineering team here at ITProTV encourages healthy habits. We all enjoy taking
care of our bodies, so why wouldn't we want to do the same at work! The two main ways we do this is
through, you guessed it, team exercise and stand desks. There is a lot of research out there on what
improves work place morale, but for us these two elements help our team be the happiest and most
productive we can be.

## Team Exercise

> This element of our work day occurs at the 50th of every hour between eight and five. We have a

Reviewer: You could remove the sentence starting with 'We have a Slack reminder' if you're looking for stuff to cut.

Slack reminder and when we see that we know it's time to get moving. The exercises we do vary day
to day because we generally get sore. Some of the exercises include:

- Push-ups
- Crunches
- Lunges

I know it sounds like a lot to do it every hour, but we have seen quite a few benefits of this:

1. Wakes us up and gets our blood pumping
1. Allows a break from the code we are writing
1. Increased productivity

**Crazy Stat!** As a team we have done over 20,000 push ups since June 28th, 2018.

This experiment has positively effected our team here. With taking just a few extra minutes a day,

> we increased our work completed by 17% for a 4 month span. We have also allowed other ITProTV 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we increased our work completed by 17% for a 4 month span. We have also encouraged other ITProTV 
```

> employees join our slack channel and together we keep each other accountable to following a health

Reviewer: ```suggestion
employees to join our Slack channel and together we keep each other accountable to following a healthy
```

> life style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lifestyle.
```

### Stand Desk

When I started here at ITProTV, the engineering team had recently received stand desks, so for me
it's the norm. The reasons leadership invested were unclear to me, but I wasn't complaining. I
loved the flexibility and usefulness these desks offered.

After working here for a few months, I found out that the leadership team invested in stand desks
to

> As a team, our use of the stand desk varies. I don't stand, but maybe a few times a day and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a team, our use of the stand desk varies. I stand maybe a few times a day and
```

generally use a balance board, while one of my coworkers stands a majority of the day. If you've
read our previous [post](http://engineering.itpro.tv/2018/10/24/how-we-work-pair-programming/) on

> pair program, you know that we spend a lot of time at a pairing station that is also a stand desk,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pair programming, you know that we spend a lot of time at stand desk pairing stations,
```

# How We Work: Exercise and Stand Desks

by Cameron Gera (@gera-cameron)

[PHOTO HERE]

## Why

The culture of our engineering team here at ITProTV encourages healthy habits. We all enjoy taking
care of our bodies, so why wouldn't we want to do the same at work! The two main ways we do this is

> through, you guessed it, team exercise and stand desks. There is a lot of research out there on what

Reviewer: It might help to link to one or two pieces of research.

improves workplace morale, but for us these two elements help our team be the happiest and most
productive we can be.

## Team Exercise

This element of our workday occurs at the 50th of every hour between eight and five. The exercises we do vary day
to day because we generally get sore. Some of the exercises include:

- Push-ups
- Crunches
- Lunges

I know it sounds like a lot to do it every hour, but we have seen quite a few benefits of this:

1. Wakes us up and gets our blood pumping
1. Allows a break from the code we are writing
1. Increased productivity

**Crazy Stat!** As a team, we have done over 20,000 push-ups since June 28th, 2018.

This experiment has positively affected our team here. With taking just a few extra minutes a day,
we increased our work completed by 17% for a 4-month span. We have also encouraged other ITProTV
employees to join our Slack channel and together we keep each other accountable to following a healthy

> lifestyle.

Reviewer 2: I saw this and thought there might be a better way of wording this. Then I started thinking about it and was pretty confused at how else you would say this. After staring out the window,thinking "What would [insert famous author here] do", and sipping my tea (not really)... this is the best I came up with:

> We have also encouraged other ITProTV
employees to join our Slack channel and together we keep each other accountable _in_ living a healthy
lifestyle.

Not that I feel that's the best wording either.

> ### Stand Desk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Stand Desk
```

> When I started here at ITProTV, the engineering team had recently received stand desks, so for me

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When I started here at ITProTV the engineering team had recently received stand desks, so for me
```

> When I started here at ITProTV, the engineering team had recently received stand desks, so for me

Reviewer: This paragraph and the next paragraph that starts with 'After working here...' aren't really about the overall scope of this post, which is 'being healthy while working' or something like that. I know you mentioned wanting to add stuff to the post, but even so I would recommend removing both paragraphs.

it's the norm. The reasons leadership invested were unclear to me, but I wasn't complaining. I
loved the flexibility and usefulness these desks offered.

> After working here for a few months, I found out that the leadership team invested in stand desks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After working here for a few months I found out that the leadership team invested in stand desks
```

to day because we generally get sore. Some of the exercises include:

- Push-ups
- Crunches
- Lunges

I know it sounds like a lot to do it every hour, but we have seen quite a few benefits of this:

1. Wakes us up and gets our blood pumping
1. Allows a break from the code we are writing
1. Increased productivity

**Crazy Stat!** As a team we have done over 20,000 push ups since June 28th, 2018.

This experiment has positively effected our team here. With taking just a few extra minutes a day,
we increased our work completed by 17% for a 4 month span. We have also allowed other ITProTV
employees join our slack channel and together we keep each other accountable to following a health
life style.

### Stand Desk

When I started here at ITProTV, the engineering team had recently received stand desks, so for me
it's the norm. The reasons leadership invested were unclear to me, but I wasn't complaining. I
loved the flexibility and usefulness these desks offered.

After working here for a few months, I found out that the leadership team invested in stand desks
because that's what the engineering team wanted. It was cool to know that leadership was willing 

> to meet the requests of their employees. After the engineering team got stand desks, the rest of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to meet the requests of their employees. After the engineering team got stand desks the rest of
```

> the company wanted them, so when we moved into our new office building, leadership made sure to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the company wanted them, so when we moved into our new office building leadership got a lot
```

> get the rest of the team stand desks.

Reviewer: more of them.
